Add documentation for golang select statement (#2219)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/101-go-advanced/108-select.md

> # Select
> 
> The `select` statement is similar to a `case` statement, but is primarily used for handling reading from multiple channels.
> 
> ```go
> package main
>  
> import (
>     "fmt"
> )
>  
> func g1(ch chan int) {
>     ch <- 12
> }
>  
> func g2(ch chan int) {
>     ch <- 32
> }
>  
> func main() {
>  
>     ch1 := make(chan int)
>     ch2 := make(chan int)
>  
>     go g1(ch1)
>     go g1(ch2)
>  
>     select {
>     case v1 := <-ch1:
>         fmt.Println("Got: ", v1)
>     case v2 := <-ch2:
>         fmt.Println("Got: ", v2)
>     }
> }
> ```
> 
> In the above snippet two goroutines are attempting to write to two different channels.  The `select` statement allows us to read from whichever channel is available first.
> 
> For details see https://golangdocs.com/select-statement-in-golang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Select

The `select` statement is similar to a `case` statement, but is primarily used for handling reading from multiple channels.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/select'>Go by Example: Select</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://golangdocs.com/select-statement-in-golang'>Select Statement in Go</BadgeLink>
```
